[WIP] Update the CCADB Policy to Version 2.0 (#198)
mozilla/www.ccadb.org: cas/incident-report.md

- The "Description" field MAY contain a Preliminary or Full Incident Report (copied and pasted from the corresponding Markdown template, as explained [below](#report-templates)).

#### How do I submit a security-sensitive incident report?

For additional context on what might be considered a "security-sensitive" incident, see [here](https://wiki.mozilla.org/CA/Vulnerability_Disclosure).

Sensitive security incidents and vulnerabilities can be reported in Bugzilla by filling out [this form](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/enter_bug.cgi?bug_type=task&component=CA%20Security%20Vulnerability&groups=ca-program-security&product=CA%20Program). Under the heading "People", be sure to add incident-reporting [at] ccadb [dot] org to the report's CC list.

_**Under the heading "Security", make sure that the "CA Program Security" checkbox is ticked -- leaving all security boxes unchecked makes it a public bug.**_

After opening a security-sensitive incident in Bugzilla, also email incident-reporting [at] ccadb [dot] org.

> Following the submission of a security-sensitive incident in Bugzilla, the corresponding CA Owner MUST file a public incident report once they have determined that the associated security risk is closed.

Reviewer: Is it acceptable to instead convert the initial report into a public report? If yes, how do they go about doing so?

Reviewer 2: Sure, I think we can add language that says the CA Owner can contact incident-reporting@ and request that the private bug be converted to public. @BenWilson-Mozilla, is that correct?

The defined approach was written to support a scenario where - if in responding to questions from root programs the CA Owner disclosed sensitive information that presented ongoing risk to its operations or staff and was not specifically limited to the scope or duration of the incident (e.g., the exact address where key material was maintained) then a new incident report could be created (rather than trying to redact or delete old comments.)

Reviewer 3: That's correct.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Following the submission of a security-sensitive incident in Bugzilla, and once the associated security risk is mitigated, the corresponding CA Owner MUST either: 
- file a new public incident report for the event, or
- send an email to incident-reporting [at] ccadb [dot] org and request the existing security-sensitive incident be converted to a public incident report.
```

#### How are reports closed?

> When all Action Items are complete and no outstanding comments or questions remain, CA Owners MUST (1) request closure in a Bugzilla comment using the template [below](#incident-closure-summary) and (2) select the "Request information from" checkbox and add incident-reporting [at] ccadb [dot] org. Upon doing so, a final call for comments will be made by a Bugzilla moderator, and the report will be closed accordingly.

Reviewer: I think it would be nice to explicitly say something like "After an Incident Closure Summary has been posted, CA Owners are _not_ required to continue updating the incident unless further comments are made."

I'm seeing lots of incidents today where CAs are continuing to post "no updates" comments every 7 days after posting their closure report, and it would be good to reassure them that that's not necessary.

Reviewer 2: Agree, and explicitly stating updates are required if questions are asked:

```suggestion
When all Action Items are complete and no outstanding comments or questions remain, CA Owners MUST (1) request closure in a Bugzilla comment using the template [below](#incident-closure-summary) and (2) select the "Request information from" checkbox and add incident-reporting [at] ccadb [dot] org. Upon doing so, a final call for comments will be made by a Bugzilla moderator, and the report will be closed accordingly. After an Incident Closure Summary has been posted, CA Owners are not required to continue updating the incident report unless further questions are asked.
```

Reviewer 4: This is a good change to make. Would it be possible to also update the normative requirements for update cadence to reflect this?
https://github.com/mozilla/www.ccadb.org/pull/198/files#diff-bf49bf90874e83682c38c07450add072bf7690dd4a9dc10b3f27dec4ab39b5b6R217

Reviewer 2: @CBonnell attempted to address this in https://github.com/mozilla/www.ccadb.org/pull/198/commits/d3ca25fa992cf3c8c98e2bb4295d890b9caac102.
